PREVIOUSLY ON "DEXTER"...
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
YOU'RE  THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
I REALLY HATE THAT NAME.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE, MORGAN?!
KILL ME NOW
OR SET ME FREE!
JAMES KNOWS THAT I BELIEVE IN
HIM, SO IT WAS WORTH THE RISK.
TO YOUR JOB?
TO YOUR CAREER?
WHEN YOU CARE ABOUT SOMEONE,
YOU DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO.
AND YOUR CREDIBILITY
WAS COMPROMISED
THE SECOND YOU FAILED
TO REPORT A PHONE CALL
FROM THE SUBJECT
OF A GODDAMN FBI MANHUNT.
WHAT REALLY PISSES ME OFF
IS YOU MIGHT BE RIGHT.
THE KIDS HAVE BEEN THROUGH
SO MUCH LATELY.
I DON'T WANT THEM TO FEEL
LIKE THEY'VE BEEN ABANDONED
BY EVERYONE THEY LOVE.
DOES THIS MEAN
WE'RE DATING AGAIN?
I TRACK KILLERS.
THAT'S WHAT I DO.
THEY TEND
TO MOVE AROUND.
I KNOW THAT.
THEN I'M NOT SURE
WHAT YOU THOUGHT WOULD HAPPEN
WHEN THE CASE ENDED.
I LIKE IT ROUGH.
YEAH?
JESUS.
Dexter:
I DON'T NEED DOAKES DEAD.
I JUST NEED HIS FINGERPRINTS
TO COMPLETE MY FRAME JOB.
EVERY SATURDAY,
BEGINNING DIVE CLASSES
PRACTICE UNDERWATER SKILLS
BESIDE THIS DOCK.
TOMORROW THEY'LL FIND
A MORBID LITTLE SURPRISE.
I WANT TO KNOW IF THERE WAS
ANYTHING UNUSUAL
ABOUT MY FATHER'S DEATH.
HE KILLED HIMSELF, DEXTER.
THE IDEA OF A CODE WAS ONE
THING, BUT THE REALITY OF IT?
HEY, DAD.
HARRY WALKED IN
ON WHAT HE CREATED...
AND HE COULDN'T LIVE
WITH HIMSELF.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
HARDENING ARTERIES
SQUEEZED THE LIFE
OUT OF MY FATHER,
BUT IT WAS ME.
HARRY GAZED INTO THE EYES
OF HIS CREATION AND SAW EVIL,
PURE AND SIMPLE.
MY EVIL --
IT KILLED HIM.
Doakes: THAT SHIT
ABOUT YOUR FATHER --
IF YOU WANT TO
TALK ABOUT IT...
ABOUT WHAT?
THAT MY LIFE
IS ONE TRAGIC MISTAKE?
WE'VE ALL FELT THAT AT ONE TIME
OR ANOTHER. I KNOW I HAVE.
DID YOU HAPPEN TO BE STUFFING
A HUMAN LEG INTO A GARBAGE BAG
AT THAT POINT?
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE A CHANGE,
MORGAN, NOW'S THE TIME.
ALL YOU GOT TO DO
IS LET ME OUT OF HERE.
IT'S OVER, MAN.
IT IS OVER
WHEN I SAY IT IS!
THERE'S THAT ANGER
AGAIN.
YOU GOT TO LET THAT OUT,
MAN.
CAREFUL, SERGEANT,
YOU MIGHT GET YOUR WISH.
I'M FLYING
WITHOUT A CODE HERE.
I CAN UNLEASH THE BEAST
ANYTIME I WANT.
MORGAN, YOU KNOW
THAT'S NOT THE ANSWER.
BUT IT WOULD FEEL
FUCKING GREAT.
BUT YOU WOULD HATE YOURSELF
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
ALL THE THINGS HARRY TAUGHT ME,
EVERYTHING --
IT'S BULLSHIT.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
I KNOW HOW TO LIVE.
TURN YOURSELF IN.
[ SCOFFS ]
RULE NUMBER ONE --
DON'T GET CAUGHT.
NO, NO, MORGAN,
YOU'RE SPINNING.
LET ME HELP YOU.
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE YOU HURT SOMEONE ELSE.
AND I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT ME --
I'M TALKING ABOUT YOUR SISTER
OR YOUR GIRLFRIEND
OR EVEN THOSE KIDS.
I WOULD NEVER --
NO, NOT ON PURPOSE,
BUT YOU CAN'T CONTROL THAT SHIT
THAT'S GROWING
INSIDE OF YOU, MORGAN.
IT'S LIKE CANCER.
AND IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED,
IT'S SPREADING.
END IT NOW.
TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR WHO YOU ARE, MAN.
WE'LL GO
TO THE STATION TOGETHER.
I'LL HELP YOU.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
MORGAN.
MORGAN,
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
STAY WITH ME, MAN.
MORGAN!
FUCK!
YES,
THIS IS DEXTER MORGAN.
Mr. Morgan,
my name is Dr. Hill.
I work at
Good Samaritan Hospital.
I'm calling
on behalf of Lila Tournay.
HOW DID YOU
GET THIS NUMBER?
You're listed
as her emergency contact.
Ms. Tournay was rushed
into our E.R.
IN RESPIRATORY ARREST.
COULD YOU COME TO
THE HOSPITAL?
I'M TWO HOURS AWAY.
CALL SOMEBODY ELSE.
Mr. Morgan,
there's a legal complication.
WHAT KIND OF COMPLICATION?
I can't discuss it
over the phone.
You really need
to be here.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
WHERE ARE YOU GOING,
MORGAN?
DON'T WORRY, I'LL SEND
THE FBI YOUR WAY SOON ENOUGH.
YOU'RE STILL
GONNA TRY TO FRAME ME?
I'M KIND OF
DOWN A PATH HERE.
YOU'LL GET YOUR CHANCE
TO TELL THEM I'M THE KILLER,
AND THEY'LL IGNORE YOU
LIKE BEFORE, AND I'LL --
AND YOU'LL BURN IN HELL.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
Doakes: MORGAN!
[ DOOR LOCKS ]
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
HE'S GONE, DEX.
[ SNIFFLES ]
DAD'S HEART
FINALLY GAVE OUT.
HARRY'S HEART GAVE OUT
WHEN HE SAW WHAT'S INSIDE ME.
HE THOUGHT HE COULD TAME IT,
GIVE IT A PURPOSE,
HELP IT FIND A PLACE
IN THE NATURAL ORDER.
GUESS HE WAS WRONG.
DEXTER?
MR. MORGAN?
YEAH.
I NEED A SECOND ALONE
WITH HIM, OKAY? THANKS.
DR. HILL --
WE SPOKE ON THE PHONE
REGARDING YOUR GIRLFRIEND,
MS. TOURNAY.
SHE'S NOT
MY GIRLFRIEND.
OH, I THOUGHT
SHE SAID SHE WAS.
YEAH,
SHE PROBABLY DID.
SO, YOU'RE...
IT'S COMPLICATED.
LOOK,
WHY IS ANGEL HERE?
WE FOUND ROHYPNOL,
THE DATE-RAPE DRUG,
IN LILA'S SYSTEM.
WITH HER BRUISING, THE WOUND
TO THE BACK OF HER HEAD --
WE MAY BE LOOKING AT A CASE
OF SEXUAL ASSAULT.
NO, NO,
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
MS. TOURNAY HAS NO RECOLLECTION
OF WHAT DID  HAPPEN.
SHE'S REQUESTED
WE PERFORM A RAPE KIT.
[ SIGHS ]
I NEED TO TALK TO HER.
DEXTER,
YOU CAME TO SEE ME.
YOU'RE SO SWEET.
THE DOCTORS THINK
ANGEL RAPED YOU.
DID HE?
EVERYTHING'S A BIT FUZZY.
THIS IS DESPERATE.
IT WON'T WORK.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M JUST GLAD
YOU'RE HERE.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
THIS IS HOW
YOU WIN ME BACK?
FRAMING A GOOD MAN
TO GET WHAT YOU WANT?
WHICH IS PRECISELY
WHAT I'M DOING TO DOAKES.
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
DEXTER?
YOU LOOK SO SAD...LOST.
DON'T DO THIS.
I WON'T PRESS CHARGES
AGAINST ANGEL.
I'LL DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
IF YOU PROMISE
TO TAKE ME BACK.
WHY CAN'T YOU
JUST LET ME GO?
BECAUSE I'M
YOUR REAL SOUL MATE.
NOT RITA.
ME.
I SEE YOU.
INSIDE.
I'M THE ONLY ONE.
LOOK WHERE
IT'S GOTTEN YOU.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
YOU KNOW THAT I COULD NEVER
DO ANYTHING LIKE THAT, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE
TO SAY ANYTHING, ANGEL.
YOU WARNED ME ABOUT HER,
BUT MY DICK WOULDN'T LISTEN.
I COULD LOSE EVERYTHING
OVER THIS.
WHAT WOULD I SAY
TO MY LITTLE GIRL?
THE DOCTOR SAID LILA
HAS 72 HOURS TO PRESS CHARGES.
MAYBE SHE'LL COME
TO HER SENSES.
[ SIGHS ]
I SHOULD GET HOME AND GRAB
A FEW HOURS OF SLEEP.
LET ME GET THIS.
NO, BACK OFF.
I GOT IT.
OH, ANGEL.
IF I GOT
TO CHOOSE A PERSON --
A REAL PERSON --
TO BE LIKE...
OUT OF ANYONE,
IT'D BE YOU.
I'M NOT REALLY SURE WHAT
THAT MEANS, BUT, THANKS, DEX.
SEE YOU
IN THE MORNING.
OH, AND, UH,
I'D APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU DIDN'T MENTION THIS
TO ANYONE AT THE STATION.
OF COURSE NOT.
THANKS.
HOW DID IT COME TO THIS?
I'VE ALWAYS GONE
AFTER CRIMINALS.
NOW I HAVE THE FATE
OF TWO COPS IN MY HANDS.
DOAKES WAS RIGHT.
THE CANCER IS SPREADING.
WE'RE OUT OF YOGURT.
Lundy:
ADD IT TO THE LIST.
WE'LL STOP
BY THE STORE TONIGHT.
THE STORE'S
ON THE WAY TO WORK.
IT'S ALSO
ON THE WAY HOME.
WE'RE GONNA BE LATE.
HEY, WHO JOINED WHO
IN THE SHOWER THIS MORNING?
HOW ABOUT,
IN THE FUTURE,
I SET THE ALARM
10 MINUTES EARLIER?
MAKE IT 20.
"THE FUTURE --"
I'M LIKING THE SOUND OF THAT.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
WE'RE BEING ORDERED
TO WORK.
FUCK THAT. YOU'RE THE HEAD
OF THE TASK FORCE.
YOU DO THE ORDERING.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
WHO'S D.D. ADAMS?
MY BOSS.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
THE WEAPONS
I TOSSED INTO THE OCEAN
WERE FOUND AS PLANNED.
ONE MORE NAIL
IN DOAKES' COFFIN.
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE.
LISTEN UP.
THIS IS FBI DEPUTY DIRECTOR
MAX ADAMS.
HE JUST GOT IN
FROM WASHINGTON.
HE'S GOING TO BE
HELPING US OUT FOR A WHILE.
MAX.
FRANK.
ONCE AGAIN, I HAVE PLEDGED OUR
FULL COOPERATION AND RESOURCES,
SO LET'S MAKE HIM
FEEL AT HOME.
MAX.
THE MURDER WEAPONS BEFORE YOU
WERE RECOVERED YESTERDAY
BY A BEGINNING
SCUBA-DIVING CLASS.
THE INSTRUCTOR
CONTACTED THE FBI DIRECTLY,
WHICH BROUGHT THEM
TO MY ATTENTION.
FINGERPRINT ANALYSIS
TIES THEM TO ONE JAMES DOAKES.
THIS DOESN'T
PROVE A GODDAMN THING.
Not now, Maria.
WHY I WASN'T
I BROUGHT IN ON THIS?
YOU JUST WERE, FRANK.
NOW, WE KNOW SERGEANT DOAKES
HAS BEEN...
Lundy better
watch his back.
...HE'S ABANDONED
THE TOOLS OF THE TRADE,
THAT MEANS
HE'S PROBABLY ON THE RUN.
THIS FOOTAGE WAS TAKEN
FOUR DAYS AGO AT A MOBIL STATION
JUST OFF HIGHWAY 41,
SOUTHEAST OF NAPLES.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
SERGEANT JAMES DOAKES.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
$3.49 FOR REGULAR?
SO, WE  HAVE LET OUR TARGET
GET AWAY ONCE.
LET'S NOT DROP THE BALL AGAIN.
Asshole.
HIGHWAY 41 RUNS THROUGH
THE EVERGLADES NATIONAL PARK.
IT WON'T BE LONG NOW.
I CAN HANG THIS ON DOAKES
AND THEN...
THEN WHAT?
YEARS OF TRIALS AND APPEALS
WITH HIM POINTING HIS FINGER
AND CALLING ME KILLER?
FOR SUCH A NEAT MONSTER,
I'M MAKING AN AWFULLY BIG MESS.
[ CLANGING ]
WHERE DOES
THIS PRICK ADAMS
GET OFF TAKING
SUCH CHEAP SHOTS AT LUNDY?
I HEARD THAT
DOAKES WALKED OFF
IN THE MIDDLE OF
LUNDY'S QUESTIONING
AND THAT LUNDY
DIDN'T STOP HIM.
I MIGHT HAVE
HEARD THAT WRONG.
Peters: MORGAN.
PETERS.
NICE HAIR, BORELLI.
I'M SURE THE JOHNS
UP IN BOYS TOWN
ARE LOVING THAT
DURAN DURAN LOOK.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU MEATHEADS
LOSE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR?
YOUR JOKE WASN'T FUNNY.
WE HAVE A WARRANT FOR
DETECTIVE BATISTA'S ARREST.
BULLSHIT. FOR WHAT?
A WOMAN NAMED
LILA TOURNAY
HAS FILED SEXUAL-ASSAULT
CHARGES AGAINST HIM.
THAT FUCKING BITCH.
DEBRA, IT'S OKAY.
I KNEW THIS WAS COMING.
IT'S NOT OKAY.
CAPTAIN, LIEUTENANT!
PUT THOSE AWAY OR I WILL
SHOVE THEM UP YOUR ASS!
LaGuerta:
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
Borelli:
WE'VE BEEN ASKED TO BRING
DETECTIVE BATISTA UPSTAIRS.
I AM SURE
THAT DETECTIVE BATISTA
WILL GO ALONG
WITH YOU PEACEFULLY.
VAMOS DESPUéS.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
I'LL BE OKAY.
IT ISN'T MY FAULT.
I WARNED ANGEL.
STILL, I HATE TO SEE HIM
DISGRACED IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.
AND LaGUERTA ABOUT TO LOSE HER
FORMER PARTNER, HER FRIEND.
EVEN LUNDY IS CAUGHT
IN HURRICANE DEXTER'S
PATH OF DESTRUCTION.
MAYBE THIS IS HOW EVIL WORKS.
DESTROYING EVERYTHING IT
TOUCHES...INCLUDING MY FATHER.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
HEY.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BELIEVE
THE MORNING I'M HAVING.
I KNOW THE FEELING.
My car is stalled
on Harper and 3rd.
THINK YOU CAN
COME GET ME?
YEAH, HANG TIGHT.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
Thanks, Dex.
I'M THE HELPFUL HANDYMAN.
HOW EVIL CAN I POSSIBLY BE?
I'M SPARING RITA AND DEB
BY FRAMING DOAKES.
RIGHT?
[ PANTING ]
[ GROWLING ]
[ GROWLING CONTINUES ]
[ PANTING ]
[ ENGINE WHIRRING ]
HEY! HEY!
OVER HERE!
THANK GOD.
EH, PANA.
QUE HACES POR AQUí.
I'VE BEEN HELD PRISONER IN
A CABIN FOR TWO FUCKING DAYS.
CABAÑA?
SI, SI, LA CABAÑA.
FUCKING HELLHOLE.
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
CUAL ES LA CABAÑA?
NO, NO. I DON'T WANT
TO GO TO THE CABIN.
LA CABAÑA ESTA ALLá.
I NEED YOU TO GET MY ASS
OUT OF HERE.
I'M A POLICE SERGEANT.
MIAMI METRO HOMICIDE.
POLICIA?
SI, SI. POLICIA.
[ GRUNTS ]
VAMANOS.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
I'VE GOT
TO RUN UPSTAIRS.
THERE'S A WHOLE
BATISTA THING GOING ON.
LUNCH TODAY?
DOUBTFUL.
I'VE GOT TO WRITE UP
A STATUS REPORT
FOR DEPUTY DIRECTOR ADAMS.
WHY'D THEY SEND
THAT DIPSHIT?
WASHINGTON GETS NERVOUS WHEN
THERE'S NO MOVEMENT ON A CASE,
ESPECIALLY ONE
AS BIG AS THIS.
NO MOVEMENT?
YOU'RE THE REASON THEY FOUND
THE BLOOD SLIDES IN DOAKES' CAR.
I'M ALSO THE ONE
WHO LET HIM GET AWAY.
WE ALL LET HIM
GET AWAY.
I WAS IN CHARGE.
THE EVIDENCE WAS THERE,
BUT SOMETHING INSIDE ME
WASN'T CONVINCED HE WAS OUR GUY,
SO I LET HIM WALK.
IT WAS A BAD CALL.
NOW WE MIGHT NEVER --
STOP IT.
STOP WHAT?
ACTING LIKE ME.
YOU'RE A GOD.
DON'T YOU FORGET IT.
Rita:
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK IT IS?
CARBURETOR.
TRANSMISSION.
THAT ROUND, BLACK
HOSE THING.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M MORE A BOAT GUY.
THE LAST THING I NEED RIGHT NOW
IS A MAJOR REPAIR BILL.
THROW IN A TOW
AND RENTAL CAR,
THERE GOES ASTOR'S
PIANO LESSONS.
HERE, TAKE THE MINI-VAN.
NO, I CAN'T. IT'S TOO
BIG OF AN INCONVENIENCE.
YOU CAN DROP ME OFF
BACK AT WORK.
I'LL BORROW SOMETHING
FROM THE MOTOR POOL.
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
DINNER?
I HAVE A BETTER IDEA.
PACK A LUNCH,
BRING THE KIDS,
LET ME TAKE YOU
OUT ON THE OCEAN TOMORROW.
THE KIDS
HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW.
THINK OF IT
AS A FIELD TRIP.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU DON'T KNOW CODY'S TEACHER.
IT'S JUST ONE DAY --
JUST ONE MORE DAY.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY,
DEXTER?
LOOK, AFTER EVERYTHING
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH LATELY,
I JUST WANT TO BE TOGETHER
WITH YOU GUYS.
IS THAT SELFISH?
NO.
NO, IT'S LOVELY.
SERGEANT DOAKES CAN REJOICE.
I COME BEARING REAL FOOD.
Shit.
[ MAN SPEAKING SPANISH ]
APURATE. ALLí.
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
HEY, VAMANOS.
NO, NO, NO.
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
SUCK MY DICK, MOTHERFUCKER.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT SHIT? HUH?
APURATE.
[ CLATTERING ]
ESTEBAN?
ESTEBAN!
ESTEBAN, VAMANOS.
[ BOTH SPEAKING SPANISH ]
GABRóN NO MEJOR
A VENTELLAR.
ESTEBAN!
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
ESTEBAN?
AAH!
[ PANTING ]
FRIENDS OF YOURS?
FROM WHAT I CAN TELL,
THEY'RE FRIENDS
OF THAT DRUG DEALER.
THEY WOULD'VE KILLED ME
ONCE I HAD ALL THAT COKE
ON THE BOAT.
[ SIGHS ]
THANKS, MORGAN.
WELL, THIS IS AWKWARD.
I THINK WE MADE
SOME ALLIGATORS VERY HAPPY.
SO, HERE WE ARE.
BACK TO FUCKING
SQUARE ONE.
NOT EXACTLY.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT,
JAMES.
CAN I CALL YOU JAMES?
KNOCK YOURSELF OUT.
I'M TOYING
WITH AN IDEA.
I'VE BEEN UNDER FEDERAL
INVESTIGATION FOR TWO MONTHS.
MY TROPHIES WERE STOLEN.
SORRY.
THE CODE I LIVE BY
HAS BEEN SHATTERED.
AND I HAVE A CO-WORKER
IN A CAGE.
THINGS AREN'T
GOING SO WELL.
[ SCOFFS ]
NO SHIT.
I CAN SEE THAT.
YOU TOLD ME, "TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY FOR WHAT I AM."
YOU WERE RIGHT.
HARRY KILLED
THE WRONG PERSON.
MORGAN, YOU'RE NOT
THINKING ABOUT --
KILL MYSELF?
NO, THAT'S PATHETIC.
BUT I CAN'T LIVE IN THIS
HOUSE OF CARDS ANYMORE,
WAITING FOR IT
ALL TO FALL DOWN.
I NEED TO DO SOMETHING,
YOU KNOW?
[ SIGHS ]
I'M THINKING ABOUT
TURNING MYSELF IN.
THAT'S A --
THAT'S A GOOD CALL, MORGAN.
THAT'S A TOUGH CALL,
BUT...
THAT'S A GOOD CALL, MAN.
I NEED SOME
FUCKING RELIEF.
YEAH, YOU CAN'T
KEEP RUNNING, MAN.
THAT'S FOR PUSSIES.
YOU'RE JUST GONNA END UP
IN EXACTLY THE SAME SITUATION
SOONER OR LATER.
PRISON.
I COULD FINALLY
GET SOME SLEEP.
YEAH.
IN THE LONG RUN
WOULD BE EASIER ON DEB...
RITA.
BETTER THAN WATCHING ME
DRAGGED IN LIKE AN ANIMAL...
WHICH, LET'S FACE IT,
WILL HAPPEN, SOMEDAY.
YEAH.
MORGAN,
WE'LL DO IT TOGETHER.
I'LL GO WITH YOU.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
IF I DO THIS, I NEED A DAY
TO GET MY AFFAIRS IN ORDER.
THAT'S FINE. TIE ME UP,
THROW ME IN THE TRUNK.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
I BROUGHT SUPPLIES.
FRESH FRUIT.
MAKE SURE
YOU MENTION THAT
WHEN THEY INTERVIEW YOU
FOR THE STORY OF MY LIFE.
GOD DAMN IT, YOU'RE NOT GONNA
LEAVE ME IN THIS CAGE --
ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I THINK WE'VE SEEN
THE WORST OF THAT.
MORGAN!
DEXTER.
I'VE REALLY ENJOYED
OUR CONVERSATIONS, JAMES.
I LIE
TO EVERYONE I KNOW...
EXCEPT MY VICTIMS
RIGHT BEFORE I KILL THEM.
IT'S HARD TO ESTABLISH
MUCH OF A RAPPORT THERE.
SORRY ABOUT THE CAGE.
MORGAN!
[ DOOR OPENS ]
FUCK.
[ DIALING ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
Debra: What?
HEY, DEB. IT'S ME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
I'M ABOUT TO GET
OFF OF WORK, WHY?
I'VE GOT SOME PAPERS
I NEED YOU TO SIGN.
PAPERS?
WHAT KIND OF PAPERS?
I'LL EXPLAIN
WHEN I SEE YOU.
Well, I'm meeting Masuka
and Batista for drinks.
Why don't you bring
the papers and join us?
HOW'S ANGEL DOING?
HOW DO YOU THINK
HE'S DOING?
YOU KNOW, IT'S YOUR FAULT
HE'S IN THIS MESS.
IF YOU HADN'T
FUCKED ELVIRA.
I'M NOT THE BEST BROTHER,
AM I?
DEXTER, ARE YOU
SMOKING SOMETHING?
NO.
I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN CURIOUS TO TRY.
DO YOU HAVE ANY WEED?
OKAY,
NOW I'M REALLY WORRIED.
THERE'S NO NEED
TO WORRY.
I'LL BRING BY THE PAPERS
TOMORROW.
Bye, Deb.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
IT'S STRANGE.
THIS SHOULD BE DIFFICULT,
BUT A SENSE OF PEACE
IS SETTLING OVER ME.
CALM.
MAYBE IT'S THE MOONLIGHT.
LaGuerta: TOM?
CAN I MEET YOU
OUTSIDE?
OH, SURE.
I'LL CHECK IN
BACK HOME.
I NEED
A PERSONAL DAY.
I HOPE THIS
IS A JOKE.
JUST ONE DAY.
I THINK I CAN PROVE
THAT JAMES IS INNOCENT.
I WAS TALKING TO
A COUPLE OF THE FBI AGENTS
WHO WERE DOWN
IN HAITI --
JESUS CHRIST,
MARIA.
WE ARE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A MANHUNT.
YOU'RE DOWN TWO DETECTIVES,
AND NOW YOU WANT TIME OFF?
THE ANSWER IS NO.
THIS DEPARTMENT CAN'T
SPARE YOU RIGHT NOW.
THIS WASN'T
A REQUEST, TOM.
I WON'T BE HERE
TOMORROW.
I JUST WANTED YOU
TO KNOW THAT.
MMM.
DIABLO.
WHAT IS THIS SHIT,
MASUKA?
HEY, TEQUILA'S
ALL THE SAME.
NOT WHEN IT'S MADE
FROM PUMPKINS.
HEY, WE'RE NOT ALL
IN THE SAME PAY GRADE.
IF I LOSE MY JOB OVER THIS,
BRO, I WON'T HAVE A PAY GRADE.
THAT IS NOT
GONNA HAPPEN.
EVERYONE AT THE STATION
KNOWS YOU'RE INNOCENT.
HOW AM I
GONNA PROVE IT?
HMM? I CAN'T EXPLAIN
THE ROOFIES, THE ROUGH SEX.
THERE WAS ROUGH SEX?
IT WAS HER IDEA.
NOW IT'S MY WORD AGAINST HERS.
I'M SCREWED.
ANGEL, YOU HAVE
GOT TO FIGHT BACK.
DUDE, MORGAN'S RIGHT.
YOU GOT TO MAN UP, GET TOUGH.
LOVE'S A BATTLEFIELD.
OR, IN YOUR CASE,
A RESTRAINING ORDER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
LOOK, I APPRECIATE
YOU GUYS DOING THIS,
BUT YOU DON'T
HAVE TO STAY.
HEY, DOES IT EVER
FLOOR YOU GUYS
THAT WE HAD A KILLER RIGHT UNDER
OUR NOSES THIS WHOLE TIME?
I MEAN, WHO DOESN'T
SEE THAT SHIT?
THAT DIDN'T
COME OUT RIGHT.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
THAT STUFF DOESN'T
BOTHER ME ANYMORE.
NEXT ROUND'S ON ME.
[ BUZZER ]
DEXTER.
I WAS WONDERING
WHEN YOU'D SHOW UP.
WE NEED TO TALK.
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
I'M MAKING COFFEE.
DO YOU WANT ONE?
I'M HERE
TO ASK YOU RESPECTFULLY
TO DROP THE CHARGES
AGAINST ANGEL.
[ SCOFFS ]
DEXTER,
IF ANGEL MOLESTED ME,
AS THE EVIDENCE
SEEMS TO INDICATE,
THEN HE SHOULD
FACE THE CONSEQUENCES,
DON'T YOU THINK?
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT I THINK.
BUT HERE'S
WHAT I KNOW.
AFTER TOMORROW,
I WON'T BE AROUND ANYMORE,
SO THERE'S NO END GAME
IN THIS FOR YOU.
YOU'RE GOING SOMEWHERE?
IT'S LOOKING
MORE AND MORE LIKELY.
WHERE?
ALL THAT MATTERS IS THAT I'LL
BE OUT OF REACH PERMANENTLY.
OH, COME ON,
DEXTER!
TELL ME.
I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO TAUGHT
ME ABOUT ACCEPTING THE
THINGS YOU CAN'T CHANGE.
THIS IS
ONE OF THOSE THINGS.
GOODBYE, LILA.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW MEN CAN BE SO STUPID.
WELL, NOT ALL  MEN.
YES, EVERY SINGLE
ONE OF YOU.
I MEAN, HOW COULD
DEXTER AND BATISTA
BE SO EASILY DUPED
BY LILA?
I TOOK ONE LOOK AT HER --
I KNEW SHE WAS
A WALKING NIGHTMARE.
THAT'S NOT STUPIDITY.
IT'S SIMPLY IN OUR DNA.
WHEN A PRETTY GIRL SMILES
AND BATS HER EYELASHES,
WE'RE POWERLESS
TO RESIST.
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT BATISTA.
THIS IS SO FUCKED.
THERE'S NO WAY I'M GONNA LET HIM
TAKE THE FALL FOR THIS.
WHAT CAN YOU DO?
WELL...
SPECIAL AGENT LUNDY,
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU MIGHT ACCESS
THOSE GREAT, BIG
FBI FILES OF YOURS
AND DO A SEARCH
ON MISS LILA TOURNAY.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU SEE?
POWERLESS TO RESIST.
IS ADAMS
GONNA BE PISSED OFF
WHEN HE SEES YOU USED
FBI FILES FOR THIS?
I CERTAINLY HOPE SO.
SHE HAS NO WARRANTS.
NO CRIMINAL RECORD.
NOTHING WITH THE DMV.
[ CLICKING ]
AND NO SOCIAL SECURITY
NUMBER.
WHAT ABOUT VISAS
OR GREEN CARDS OR WHATEVER?
NOTHING.
NO RECORDS.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
EVERYONE HAS A PAPER TRAIL.
EVERYONE REAL.
THAT SNEAKY BITCH.
SHE'S USING AN ALIAS.
THAT WOULD BE
MY GUESS.
WELL, HOW DO I FIND OUT
LILA'S REAL NAME?
I THINK YOU KNOW
THE ANSWER TO THAT.
CUT OFF HER HEAD,
LOOK FOR A LABEL.
[ LAUGHS ]
THERE'S PROBABLY
AN EASIER WAY.
[ GROANS ]
YOU GOT
SOMETHING SMALLER?
THE LAST TIME LILA
WAS IN MY APARTMENT,
SHE MICROWAVED
SOME POPCORN.
THERE'S DEFINITELY
GONNA BE PRINTS ON THIS.
ALL RIGHT, GOT IT.
NEXT TIME,
MAKE HER A CUP OF TEA.
THIS IS MARLENE
FROM ACCOUNTING.
HI, MARLENE
SHE'S ALSO
A NOTARY PUBLIC.
GOOD FOR YOU.
I MET WITH
A LAWYER YESTERDAY,
AND HE HELPED ME
PREPARE A LIVING TRUST
THAT GIVES YOU CONTROL
OFF ALL MY ASSETS
IN THE EVENT OF MY DEATH
OR CERTAIN OTHER SITUATIONS.
OH, GOD. GO AWAY.
THIS IS CREEPY.
MY FINANCIAL PLANNER SAID
A GUY MY AGE SHOULD HAVE A WILL.
IT'S JUST A PRECAUTION.
WE'RE ALL GOING
TO DIE EVENTUALLY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OKAY. YEAH.
IS THIS WHY YOU WERE
ACTING SO WEIRD LAST NIGHT?
YEAH, PROBABLY.
SIGN HERE AND HERE,
AND I'LL NEED TO SEE AN I.D.
FINE.
THANKS FOR SHOWING UP LAST NIGHT
TO SUPPORT BATISTA.
I AM SUPPORTING
BATISTA.
I STOPPED BY LILA'S
THIS MORNING.
AND?
AND I TALKED
TO HER.
I DON'T THINK
SHE'S GONNA BE A PROBLEM.
YEAH, 'CAUSE SHE CERTAINLY
HASN'T BEEN ONE SO FAR.
HEY, I'M FREE TONIGHT.
YOU WANT TO STOP BY,
I'LL PICK UP SOME BEERS,
THROW ON
A COUPLE OF STEAKS?
THERE'S SOMETHING
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
SURE.
SOUNDS GOOD.
SO, WHAT AM I GETTING?
I COULD USE A NEW TV.
OKAY.
BUT THAT'S THE ONE.
Lundy:
Lundy here.
OH, SPECIAL AGENT LUNDY.
IT'S LIEUTENANT LaGUERTA.
I'M CALLING YOU FROM HAITI.
LOVELY
THIS TIME OF YEAR.
I UNDERSTAND THAT
I'M NOT YOUR FAVORITE PERSON
IN THE STATION RIGHT NOW,
BUT I REALLY NEED YOUR HELP.
How so?
I JUST MET WITH LEONES,
THE TRAVEL AGENT
THAT DOAKES SAW.
THERE'S
NOTHING NEW THERE.
I HAD TWO AGENTS
QUESTION HIM FOR HOURS.
YET HE NEVER TOLD THEM
ABOUT THE BLOOD SLIDES.
What does he know
about the blood slides?
Doakes was looking for a lab
to have them analyzed.
WHY?
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
If he's our killer, he'd be
keeping them for trophies.
HE'D HAVE NO REASON
TO HAVE THEM ANALYZED.
AND I ALSO HAVE A LIST
OF SPECIAL-OPS MISSIONS
THAT LEONES PERSONALLY
KNOWS DOAKES TOOK PART IN.
NOW, TWO OF THEM DIRECTLY
CONFLICT WITH MURDERS
WE KNOW TO HAVE BEEN COMMITTED
BY THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
I'M NOT SURE LEONES
IS OUR MOST RELIABLE WITNESS.
No, but it's worth
looking into, isn't it?
YES.
YES, IT IS.
YES! OKAY.
FOR STARTERS, WHY DON'T YOU
BRIEF ME ON BOTH THOSE MISSIONS?
GIVE ME
ALL THE DETAILS.
Dexter: COME ON, CODY.
UP AND OVER.
OKAY. GREAT.
OKAY, ASTOR.
UP AND OVER.
THERE WE GO.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
LOOK,
THERE'S A PELICAN.
WHAT'S THAT?
Female voice: WELCOME TO
THE GPS 3000 TELETRACKER.
PREVIOUS DESTINATIONS.
Dexter:
FOR SO LONG MY BOAT HAS BEEN
A TOOL OF MY DARK TRADE --
A GRAVEYARD TRANSPORT.
I'D ALMOST FORGOTTEN IT COULD
DOUBLE AS A PLEASURE CRAFT.
NOW, THE THING IS,
IF YOU CATCH A WHALE,
WE'RE PROBABLY GONNA
HAVE TO PUT IT BACK.
IF IT'S A BABY,
WE COULD PUT IT IN THE BATHTUB.
I'M NOT GONNA TAKE A BATH
WITH A WHALE.
I KNOW, THEY ALWAYS
USE UP ALL THE SOAP.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S PEACEFUL
OUT HERE.
RITA, I'VE NEVER BEEN
A VERY GOOD BOYFRIEND.
I WOULDN'T SAY THAT.
I JUST NEED YOU TO KNOW
THAT YOU AND THE KIDS
ARE VERY IMPORTANT
TO ME.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
I WANT YOU TO ALWAYS KNOW THAT.
OKAY, DEXTER.
HEY, EVERYTHING'S
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY?
I JUST -- I JUST NEED
TO TAKE THINGS SLOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, I HAVE A GIFT
FOR YOU.
DEXTER, YOU DON'T NEED
TO BRING ME GIFTS.
I WANT YOU
TO HAVE THIS.
IT'S THE PINK SLIP
TO THE MINI-VAN.
DEXTER, I TOLD YOU
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
YOU DON'T --
PLEASE, I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT
FOR THE KIDS.
IT'LL KEEP THEM SAFER
THAN A BROKEN-DOWN CONVERTIBLE.
THANK YOU.
VERY GENEROUS.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I KNOW I'VE BEEN
TAKING THINGS SLOW WITH US,
BUT IT'S NOT BECAUSE
I DON'T HAVE FEELINGS FOR YOU.
IT'S MORE LIKE
I HAVE TOO MANY FEELINGS,
AND I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
TO GET IT RIGHT.
ME TOO.
THAT'S NOT EXACTLY
TAKING IT SLOW.
SORRY. I'LL NEVER
DO THAT AGAIN.
WELL, DON'T SAY NEVER.
[ SIGHS ]
I WAS JUST
LOOKING FOR YOU.
THE BOYS LOOKED
AT LILA'S PRINTS.
WE HIT THE JACKPOT.
OH?
TURNS OUT HER REAL NAME
IS LILA WEST.
I RAN HER PRINTS
THROUGH THE AFIS,
WHICH IS
TIED TO I.C.E.
GET THIS -- HER VISA EXPIRED
TWO YEARS AGO.
BAD GIRL.
I CAN HAVE HER
DEPORTED.
NOT AS EASY
AS IT SOUNDS.
MIAMI IS SWAMPED
WITH CRIMINAL IMMIGRANTS,
REFUGEES FROM
THIRD-WORLD COUNTRIES.
THEY'LL TAKE PRIORITY
OVER SOME BRITISH GIRL.
THEN I'LL DEPORT HER
MYSELF.
WE GOT HIM.
DOAKES?
TALKED TO A PARK-SERVICE MANAGER
IN THE EVERGLADES
WHO REMEMBERS GIVING SERGEANT
DOAKES DIRECTIONS FIVE DAYS AGO.
SO YOU HAVE A TIP --
NOT DOAKES.
THE PARK MANAGER SAID OUR TARGET
WAS HEADED INTO THE EVERGLADES
15 MILES NORTH
OF SUNDAY BAY.
WE WILL HAVE THE SON OF A BITCH
IN HANDCUFFS IN 24 HOURS.
I'D LIKE TO URGE STRONG CAUTION
IN APPREHENDING THE SUSPECT.
I'M LOOKING INTO NEW INFORMATION
THAT MIGHT COME INTO PLAY --
YEAH, I GOT YOUR E-MAIL
ABOUT LEONES.
THE MAN WILL SAY ANYTHING
FOR A DOLLAR.
I AGREE WE HAVE TO BE
CIRCUMSPECT ABOUT THIS,
WHICH IS EXACTLY
WHY I'D LIKE SOME TIME.
SHOW A LITTLE GUTS,
FOR CHRIST'S SAKES.
WHY DON'T YOU
SHOW A LITTLE RESPECT?
YOU WOULDN'T BE CLOSING IN
ON A SUSPECT RIGHT NOW
IF IT WASN'T FOR
THE WORK OF THIS MAN.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU KNOW, AS MUCH AS I ENJOY
HEARING FROM THE LOCAL TALENT,
I'M REALLY RATHER BUSY
RIGHT NOW.
WELL, I'M GUESSING
YOU DON'T NEED ME
TO FIGHT YOUR BATTLES
ANYMORE.
YEAH, WELL, MAYBE
YOU NEED ME TO FIGHT YOURS.
OOH.
AREN'T YOU A TOUGH ONE?
I'M JUST WARMING UP.
WOW. I THOUGHT
I LIVED IN A SHIT CAN.
OFFICER MORGAN, HAVE YOU COME
TO INQUIRE ABOUT MY WELFARE?
I WANT YOU
TO LEAVE MIAMI TONIGHT.
DON'T EVER COME BACK.
DON'T EVER CONTACT ANGEL
OR DEXTER AGAIN.
AND, UM, WHY WOULD I
LISTEN TO YOU?
'CAUSE I'M A COP.
AND YOU'RE HERE
ON AN EXPIRED VISA.
I KNOW YOUR REAL NAME,
AND I'VE CONTACTED
IMMIGRATION.
OFFICERS WILL BE HERE
ANY DAY NOW.
THEY'LL ARREST YOU
AND DEPORT YOU,
AND IT WILL NOT
BE PRETTY.
IF THIS IS TRUE,
WHY ARE YOU
TELLING ME THIS?
BECAUSE I WANT YOU
THE FUCK OUT OF HERE NOW.
WHETHER YOU LEAVE
ON YOUR OWN
OR IMMIGRATION HAULS
YOUR SORRY ASS AWAY,
I DON'T GIVE A SHIT.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO GIVE YOU
ONE MORE DAY
TO FUCK WITH THE PEOPLE
I CARE ABOUT.
I WANT YOU GONE.
TONIGHT.
YOU DON'T WANT TO
DO THIS.
IT'S DONE.
TONIGHT.
[ BEEP ]
Female voice: WELCOME.
PREVIOUS DESTINATION.
STARTING ROUTE GUIDANCE.
LEFT TURN AHEAD.
Dexter: I KEEP EXPECTING
TO COME TO MY SENSES,
BUT THE PRESSURE IS LIFTING
WITH EACH STEP I TAKE.
I'VE SPENT A LIFETIME
KEEPING UP MY GUARD,
WATCHING MY BACK,
WEARING MY MASK.
RELIEF WAS NEVER IN SIGHT
UNTIL NOW.
[ SIZZLING ]
IF ANYONE DESERVES TO TAKE
ME INTO CUSTODY, IT'S DEB.
BUT HOW DO I TELL HER
WHAT I AM?
DEB,
I'M THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
[ COUGHING ]
DEB,
I'M THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
ON THE GROUND.
DOWN ON THE GROUND,
MOTHERFUCKER.
IT'S ME.
I'M THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
[ Sobbing ]
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M HIM -- THE BUTCHER.
THIS ISN'T GOING TO BE EASY.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
I BROUGHT EXTRA BEER.
WE'RE GETTING DRUNK.
FINE WITH ME.
WHAT'S THE OCCASION?
I RAN LILA
OUT OF TOWN TODAY.
REALLY?
YEAH.
TURNS OUT
SHE'S HERE ILLEGALLY.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
SEEN ME, DEX.
I WAS LIKE
AN OLD-WEST SHERIFF.
YOU'RE REALLY
FEELING GOOD.
FUCK, YEAH.
I GOT TO SAY,
GREAT TIMING, DEX,
GETTING TOGETHER TONIGHT.
THE LAST FEW MONTHS,
I WAS STARTING TO FEEL LIKE
I HAD MY HEAD
PRETTY FAR UP MY ASS.
NO ONE BLAMES YOU.
YOUR WORLD
WAS TURNED UPSIDE DOWN.
LIKE MINE IS NOW.
FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE
THAT ICE-TRUCK KILLER SHIT,
I FEEL LIKE I'M BACK.
NEW AND IMPROVED, EVEN.
WHEN ALL THAT STUFF
WAS HAPPENING --
WITH RUDY, I MEAN...
...DID YOU EVER CONSIDER
DOING SOMETHING DRASTIC?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
ALL KINDS OF FUCKED-UP SHIT
RAN THROUGH MY HEAD.
THANK GOD I HAD YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH.
EVERY TIME I STARTED
TO SPIN OUT OF CONTROL,
I HAD YOU TO GRAB ONTO.
HELL, YOU LET ME LIVE HERE
PRACTICALLY FOREVER.
IT WAS TOUGH, THOUGH.
I'D HAVE DONE
ALMOST ANYTHING
TO GET OUT FROM UNDER
THE WEIGHT OF IT ALL.
HOW'D YOU FINALLY DO IT?
I JUST --
JUST SAW THROUGH IT.
YOU KNOW?
YOU DECIDE WHO YOU ARE,
WHO YOU WANT TO BE...
...AND YOU HOLD ONTO THAT
AND RIDE IT OUT.
LIKE AN OLD-WEST SHERIFF.
BROTHER, THIS IS WORTH
LIVING FOR.
RIGHT?
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
HEY, WHAT DID YOU WANT TO
TALK TO ME ABOUT, ANYWAY?
OH...NOTHING.
NOTHING AT ALL.
SO, THIS IS ME,
RIDING IT OUT.
HARRY MAY HAVE REJECTED ME,
BUT DEB CLEARLY BELIEVES IN ME,
SO WHY SHOULDN'T I?
I'M NOT TURNING MYSELF IN.
THIS ISN'T HARRY'S LIFE.
IT'S MINE.
I MADE A PLAN TO FRAME DOAKES,
AND I'M GOING TO STICK WITH IT.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
MORGAN.
NO SHIT?
OKAY.
OKAY, I'M ON THE WAY.
THEY FOUND DOAKES'
FUCKING RENTAL CAR.
THEY FOUND -- REALLY?
HIS CAR?
DID THEY FIND DOAKES?
NO, NOT YET. BUT THE SEARCH
GRID'S CLOSING IN.
COME ON, WE GOT TO
GET TO THE STATION.
ACTUALLY I GOT TO MAKE SURE
THEY DON'T FIND DOAKES
IN A CAGE.
[ VEHICLE APPROACHES ]
HALLELUJAH.
HEY!
HEY, I'M IN HERE!
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WHO'S OUT THERE?!
ANYBODY OUT THERE?!
Female voice:
ENDING ROUTE GUIDANCE.
HELLO?
SOMEBODY IN THERE?
YOU HAVE ARRIVED
AT YOUR DESTINATION.
-- Captions by VITAC  --
www.vitac.com